We cannot trust the 'new' generation
Not repeating what is missing in the 'new and enhanced' version , because it is just about everything everyone used . No-one wanted anything what they dumped in this 'new and enhanced' version , the one they created because the team 'listened to the customer' - ahum . I have never been complaining about a 'free' app and some bugs that came with it , BUT . . . at some point MS started to integrate it as a Metro App in Win8 , which was unusable , so you had to remove it and install the Desktop version ( 7 ) , NOT 8 ! The bug was the Skype team , not the program ! Then the updates came . . . customers ( non-IT ) starting to call for support as they were lost in the 'enhanced' interface . Solution , uninstall and reinstall the Classic 7 version and , NEVER update ! So far so good . Now , about 2 years later , some kids at MS developed a mobile targeted version , removing all great functionality Skype contained . Some manager must have found that this was a great idea , not to hurt their feelings I suppose , and MS decide to shove in our throats , whether we wanted or not . And now , we don't even have a choice anymore at all . . . Desktop Skype is ignored as if everyone is doing work on a smart phone or tablet ! There are MILLIONS of Windows 10 and other PCs out there , used by people who do real work , and have real communications , all day long , every single day . And all that happened while MS is still claiming today they 'listened' to the users , yeah right . . . The new , young , brainless generation does not use Skype ! But still , that is what MS aims for ! Professionals , who build their communication with their customers around Skype are being totally ignored . Those are also the ONLY ones who actually did not mind paying for Skype Credit or get a personalized phone number . A lot of use are also losing business because of the way we communicated , customers switched and we do not always know to what if they don't tell us ! So , thank you very much to the young generation , who just made sure they will NOT have a job anymore in a while , all for the sake of being 'modern' . . . I fear Skype will just be left to die . . . Meanwhile , all Skype users are switching to something else , most to WhatsApp , and will never come back , smart move MS !
