Absolutely atrocious
Absolutely atrocious . Microsoft bought up a serious communication tool and replaced it with a social media app for kids . When I say " replaced " , I mean replaced . Skype 8 isn't a new version of the same program , it's a new , crappy chat app that steals the Skype brand , and they've killed the original Skype we knew and loved . What makes it truly unusable for a purpose for which I've been using it for years is that I need to be able to access old chat history in an organized manner , but Microsoft has simultaneously taken away local storage , placed a time limit on the history , taken away the ability to " jump back " to earlier times , and made it impossible to copy more than a couple of screenfuls at a time . Also , small amount you can copy no longer comes out in an organized fashion with bracketed time/date stamps at the beginning of each message . The copied/pasted text doesn't show dates , and is messy and hard to read . At the same time they've taken this away , they've also taken away the ability to export chat history . So they've basically limited it to real time chat and SCREWED everyone who was relying on it for record keeping . Sure , we can find other programs , but we chose Skype because of the features that it had , and now we lose data continuity because of Microsoft's arrogance and callousness . There is absolutely no excuse for treating users like this . Microsoft clearly doesn't care how disruptive it is to people's lives to take away features by the boatload and force unnecessary changes down people's throats in programs that they RELY on . It's not " an inconvenience " , as their reps patronizingly call it , it has a real impact on important aspects of people's lives . This is not only making me abandon Skype and convince other people to abandon it , it makes me mistrust Microsoft's brand by showing that they can't be relied on to maintain a consistent feature set and they bully their users . I didn't even need them to continue developing and improving Skype Classic , I just needed them to continue patching any new security issues and otherwise leave it the hell alone . Even that was apparently too much to ask ! STAY AWAY FROM SKYPE AND AVOID MICROSOFT SOFTWARE AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE IF YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOOD FOR YOU ! Now excuse me while I go and do something I should have done a long time ago . . . install Linux on my primary computer . And this is coming from someone with an MCSE certification .
