Microsoft's Incompetent Management & Financial Use
For a number of years , like many , I used Skype when it was , well , just Skype ! Microsoft bought it , and that was the beginning of the end ! Things changed , and all for the worse . And now , ladies and gentlemen , Skype AKA Microsoft are doing this , to adult users : ''You need a parent's permission . Based on your age , we need your parent's permission before you can use this account . Using a web browser , sign in to account . microsoft . com to get your parent's permission and come back to try again'' . The heavy handed stupidity then means , as with me , the adult cannot access their account , even if they have money credit . So , one then has to open a Microsoft Account , simply to contact Microsoft , and then they either ask you to adopt the child , even though I am not a child , and in adopting and verifying , they ask for PAYMENT ! Yes , the parent , guardian or simply the person trying to get their adult account back up and running , is supposed to give back details or CC card details , and pay 50 pence , just to allow the account to go back to how it was , before Microsoft's thug policing interfered ! They only offer an alternative which is to put through an ID request , So , I sent them my driver's licence , scanned . Two weeks ago ! All I got back was some impersonal , dim-wit Microsoft email , asking for the ID , again , as they claimed it was not attached ! So , this was sent , I emailed from both private email and said awful , new Microsoft account and guess what ? Nothing ! So , here we are , almost three weeks down the line , and Microsoft doing what it does best , which is interfere and bully , and do nothing ! PLUS they wanted money , up front , from an adult , as they accused me of being a minor . The thing is , they are doing this to all non Microsoft members of Skype , and it is so transparent , as they almost force you into creating a new account with them ! This is nothing to do with the various adult platforms dealing with underage threats or misuse , this is Microsoft flexing it's bullying muscles again and if you don't play ball , they block accounts , and do not deal with issues ! This is why I dumped my Windows PC five years ago , and celebrated being free of the Microsoft and Windows grip ! So , maybe I dump Skype> Maybe we should all dump both ? !
