Skype is stealing money intentionally from its clients
Since Skype is taken over by Microsoft , Skype App became pathetic . But the major problem is that Microsoft is over billing the Skype customers secretly which I can now call intentional FRAUD . This does not happen just one time but many times . For example they continue to bill the cancelled subscription . When I started a chat they denied that subscription was cancelled and I had no proof because I never expected Skype to cheat me so I did not took the screenshot and it never emailed me any cancellation email so I asked the chat agent to now cancel it and write it down so that I have a proof by taking the screenshot of chat and he confirmed that now he has cancelled and it will not bill again but on next due date it got billed again and I contacted them again and they just gave lame excuses and still did not refund the extra billed money and said that due to some technical issue it was billed again . But technical issue was not my fault . It was set for 3 months billing and I can't keep checking every three months if they bill my card secretly or not as I make many purchases with my card . And it is not an excuse to bill me so much more for their system issues . I told them it was cheating and they just said that they can only apologize and refund is not in their control due to system problem . I have a many numbers purchased from Skype and I can not get rid of it now because those numbers are already given to many clients of ours . We have a Skype Manager account which was promised to get a priority support . But since Microsoft took over , it became a nightmare . Same thing happen again for a yearly number purchase and I got really angry and told them that they must refund the money because number was failed to be registered by their system and they still secretly billed my card so they said that they will refund it because I threaten to go public this time . The chat agent said the amount is refunded in Skype account but when I checked few dollars balance that was in Skype Credit was also gone instead getting my $30 . 00 back in Skype . So I told the chat agent that you guys are trying to make me fool but he said that he refunded it to my card and all amount will show on my card in few days . It is two months now but amount never showed in my card and if I am going to call them again they will give same lame excuses that not sure what happened . If I go for chargeback , they can cancel my remaining numbers giving the reason of the dispute . So now Skype is basically fraud and black mailer also . I have started a chat more than 20 minutes ago and still it is showing following wait message and I invest so much time in the issues that were already discussed and promised to be resolved after investing a lot of my time and effort : ==We are experiencing higher than normal wait times . Thanks for your patience . You're still in line for chat . ==This is 100% genuine review . Skype case number is 1407531109 New clients avoid Skype's paid subscription and existing clients slowly move paid services away to some decent and honest company .
