The average User Experience with Skype
When MSN Messenger was no longer an option , Skype was the best alternative . Since that point , the company really have become far too full of themselves . Bugs are plenty and updates to fix them are few . There are far more issues to condemn Skype than there are to praise it . Here are some frequent issues : 1 . Pending / Undelivered Text You can be typing away without issue when suddenly your messages are met with a spinning circle pending connection . At this moment , it's common to check if your internet is experiencing issues or perhaps the fault is with your partner ( Whomever you're typing to ) . Commonly , I will send a message to someone else at this point to discover if the fault is on my end or on the other users end . Most , if not all times , I am met with the same issue , that messages sent to anyone from me are pending . I then decide to check my browser and load up websites or videos to ensure I am receiving a connection . The connection is fine , everything else works as intended apart from Skype . This typically lasts anywhere from 1 minute to 5 before the messages will all suddenly send at once . 2 . Accidental CallsIf you accidentally hit the keys Ctrl+Q , you have hit the short keys to initiate a call within Skype . Typically , this happens when the user has accidentally hit Ctrl rather than Shift . Now , if you call someone and did not mean to , the easiest thing to do is press the cancel call button before the other person answers . However , after having tested this specifically 10 times in a row , both my skype program and the other users skype that receives the call , crashes and stops responding . I tested this multiple times and without fail , every single test , it had the same result of both participants skype not responding . 3 . Skype on Mobile Skype on mobile is simply not a viable option whatsoever . Regardless of how powerful the hardware your phone sports , Skype will inevitably hit a stand-still and is required to be shut down and reloaded . It starts out fine , being able to type at any speed you're capable of . However , as typing goes on , the keyboard begins to lag and suddenly you're having to slow yourself down to pressing individual letters slowly and steadily while the on-screen keyboard has a chance to catch up . At this point , to prevent it getting worse , you are required to close the app and re-open to refresh . This happens without fail on a regular basis . Conclusion : Skype has many issues that require immediate attention , yet regardless of how many complaints are put online and how many issues are voted highly in the realms of needing fixed , Skype falls silent . We have updates that change the appearance and interface of Skype , giving it a new look and feel , however the same issues from the past persist . If skype wishes to compete with other upcoming services , they really need to begin listening to their user base and not shunning them . Review date : 26th August 2017 Skype version : 7 . 39 . 0 . 102 ( most up to date version at the time of this review )
