Your SKYPE account may be locked any time and SKYPE will keep your money
DO NOT TOP UP YOUR SKYPE ACCOUNT ! ! ! It is probably rated TOP SECRET and above by Microsoft . . . how many accounts have been locked due to their software failure and later the inability to say the simple word " Sorry " . . . what is even worse is that third party attempting to infiltrate your account to prevent sending your messages as in cases with human rights violation . . . leads automatically to lock down of the account . In a way that means that the government can shut down now practically all your accounts GMAIL , SKYPE , YAHOO , FACEBOOK by just attempting to sign in . . . to recover your account is unfortunately not that simple . Basically if you give SKYPE all the information it ask from you , you shouldn't wonder if your bank account is infiltrated thereafter : SKYPE and Microsoft are aware of it and yet willingly or unwillingly they are supporting criminals and militant regimes with their inability to see pass their rules of secrecy . . . Considering the absolute disinterest from Microsoft to provide adequate service and take customer seriously . . . there is only one conclusion possible . The independent SKYPE was too much of annoyance for corporate America . . . as long SKYPE existed no one would have made money . Considering the amount Microsoft paid for SKYPE and the disinterest now it is more than a conspiracy theory . The new way of doing business . . . buy it , run it down and dispose of it . If Microsoft was the alone buyer or it was a joint venture we will of course never know . What we have here is a war between corporate America and the independent world of the free users . Most of us are using Facebook and despite the poor quality still hanging to the ruins of SKYPE without giving it a thought . . . no wonder with generation of papa Simpson coming into being we have never been in graver danger to go under the wheels of the corporate and government whimsicalities . Stop using SKYPE or you are putting your life and the life of other people in danger . Jani Jakimov
