Avoid Using Payment Services
I have had been using Skype for a few years as a free user , I starting working away from home so I subscribed to a Skype service with a recurring payment . Everything seemed great , then one day I received an email stated my email address had changed , then shortly after I received two emails from PayPal referring to two successful payments to Skype ( this was all at the beginning of Oct 2013 ) . I had not changed my email or made the payment so I tried to contact Skype , unfortunately Skype don't have a helpline number , they do have web chat but you need to log in , and at this time my password had also been changed by the person that had taken over my account . So I had to complete an online form , I received a reference and a note stating someone would contact me within 24hours . At this point someone was taking money from my account and Skype wanted me to wait , I contacted PayPal who stated that the payment was automatic so couldn't be stopped , so I phoned my bank , they stopped all payment to PayPal and the payment in process . So the next day I received an email from Skype stating that something with my request was incorrect and I was to follow a link to complete an online form , I selected the link which took me to the same page as I completed the day before , so I completed the form and also emailed Skype contactus address , again the message stated I would receive and email within 24 hours and again the same email back , to complete the online form . I replied to the emails but with no response , this went on until later November . So as I was getting nowhere I started to get fed up , so I tried the forgot password link after a few weeks of trying to change my password , I received a new one . So I could now access my account , when I logged into the account I noticed I was in credit for the two payment , so I tried the web chat to solve the problem but the guy told me to follow a link or try the contactus email , the link was for the online that I completed at the start , but I tried the form again but was still doing something wrong so nobody would help me , so I asked the online chat to help but again the same link . This went on for a bit , then in about March 2014 I received an email stating my account had been taken over so was block to protect me ( 5 months after I reported it ) , I tried to resolve the issue but got fed up , so stopped using Skype . It is now January 2015 and received an email stating my balance is due to expiry , this is to an account that is blocked . I am not saying don't use Skype because the free service is good but what ever you do don't use any paid service because your money isn't safe . When I had my problems I also posted it on the Skype online community , to my surprise I found that I wasn't alone and many people had lost money , some in the hundreds but Skype aren't interested .
